When you're stepping into a leadership role and you have someone on your staff
who's not a team player,
creates clicks,
goes over me in straight to my bosses when there's a problem and whenever,
whenever has concerns voices them among teammates and not directly to me.
How do I continue in my role?
How do I assess myself in,
how do I tackle this?
Biggest thing we've got to do is build in a relationship with that person.
You know,
you got to get in that person's head,
you got to find out what's going on,
you've got to find out,
you gotta,
you gotta talk to him.
You got to build that relationship.
You get to talking about why they're going over your head.
You then,
then you know what?
When they say,
well,
I'm going over your head because this happens you,
oh,
I didn't know that.
You don't want me to get that fixed.
And you build up a little trust and then they say some other problem.
You get that one fixed and then you say,
hey man,
you know it's,
you know,
it's kind of hurts the team is when you're telling the team things that are
negative and if we could work together to you,
tell me what's going on that's negative.
And then we solve the problem,
we're going to do better as a team.
And that's,
that's my goal is just to do better as a team.
And I see that you're a leader because people listen to you and when you start
saying negative things,
they start thinking negatively cause you just influential person and,
and I,
and the influence you have over people is something that is going to be,
can be very beneficial to what we're doing.
If you want it to be,
I want you to want it to be,
but you know,
I'm not you.
You have that.
I don't.
So let's work.
If you could help me move this in a positive direction so our team can be more
successful.
That's the kind of thing I would do here.
And,
and the other thing is,
you know,
ask them straight up,
hey,
what am I doing wrong as leader?
What can I do better?
Where can I become?
Where can I make more things happen?
So that way and what you're doing is you're letting down your guard,
you're letting them given the opportunity to hopefully be honest with you about
what you're doing wrong.
And then you can give them,
you know,
you can correct those measures.
Now there is a possibility that this person is a jerk.
And when you say,
what am I doing wrong?
They go back and say,
hey,
this guys even know what he's doing.
He's just so that's why you need to take it slowly and fuel the situation out in
and make an assessment of how they're gonna react to these things and build a
little bit of a little bit of leadership capital with that person before you go
and say,
what am I screwing up?
Because then it's,
dude,
Jocko doesn't even know what he's doing.
He's asking me what he should be doing.
So don't if the person's a jerk,
you have to watch out for that.
So that's what we're going to build a relationship first.
It's like building a relationship.
It seems like a very common theme,
far stretching solution.
It is very much so.
Uh,
you know,
you take the extreme example of I'm a,
a hostage taker and you're my hostage and I'm threatening to kill you.
What are you supposed to do?
Build a relationship with me.
You want to get me to see you as a human.
That's what we're talking about.
The same thing.
That's an extreme example,
but this is the same thing going on here.
It's a really dumped,
by the way I heard this story,
he was on the news,
I forget how old the girl was.
He was a kid though,
a girl kid,
and she'd,
all she did was blabbed to this guy who kidnapped her and he wound up letting
her go because she,
she built that relationship.
So this team member that's creating clicks and doing all this negative stuff,
it's because he doesn't know you,
you know?
And he's,
he's just going,
I don't know.
You know,
Jocko is a mystery to me.
He doesn't hang out.
I don't know.
He's bad.
Don't die.
He just v there's a separation.
Yeah.
So I'm going to close that separation.
I'm going to Blab to them.
I'm going to build a relationship and we're gonna let that little kid go.
Yeah.
I remember
in the nightclub where w w you know you have different bosses,
different managers.
They worked different shifts or whatever.
So one guy just give me Matt Gilmore,
tall,
tall guy.
I love that guy.
He was real,
I don't know for whatever.
He's like,
I could,
I should,
I could just relate to him.
You know,
he was just real nice and I don't know,
the way he talked was kinda not funny like a comedian,
but just kind of in health.
Some people when they talk,
it's just kind of entertaining,
you know,
every time,
every once in a while though you certain words that's just kind of unique to
them.
It's like,
oh I like that.
Anyway,
really liked him.
And so I was hoping,
and he would usually work on Friday,
Saturdays,
right.
That he was,
cause he was kind of high up.
And then there's other guy,
I'm not going to say his name nonetheless.
There's this other guy and this guy,
he was like the full on unkind where he had this air about them where I'm the
manager of this club kind of thing.
And on off times if he'd be at like a party or something that we're cruising or
whatever and he talk about how,
yeah,
you know,
I'm in the office doing these sexual things with this person and just,
real,
real douchey for lack of better term,
rural,
douchey kind of guy.
And one time he was,
um,
there was this rule law of his longtime ago.
There's this rule,
you can't go upstairs.
There was like three levels in this club,
so you can't go upstairs.
It's like this high end kind of lounge.
You can't wear jeans upstairs.
There's a dress code.
I had been to that one.
Yeah,
no,
you would not be welcome.
Flip flops and shorts on.
You won't even get in the front though apparently.
Um,
so one day on my off night,
I had jeans on.
I went upstairs real quick just to talk to one of my friends cake nuts and cause
he was up there and so I was talking to him and this guy,
this manager,
the one I didn't like,
he was up there and he'd be like,
he was like,
Hey,
the rules apply to everyone,
you know,
go downstairs.
So I'm like,
ah,
you know,
I'm just,
I will,
I'm just gonna talk to him.
He's like,
the rules apply to everyone.
Go downstairs like not be nice about it at all.
So I'm like,
all right,
whatever.
That's just an example of one experience.
The next week he comes in on his night off genes upstairs or whatever,
and as a joke,
not being a dick as a joke,
I was like,
hey,
you have jeans on.
I was working and he's like,
he goes,
he's all,
yeah,
well my title has a bit more letters than yours does.
Yeah,
that's what he said to me.
So you know,
I'm not sure where we're going with this.
I know that.
I was going to say that's an example of him not building a relationship with me.
Certainly did not.
Matt Gilmore wouldn't have said that.
No,
he would just either not.
He would either compromised with me the first night or he would have,
he would have laughed at my joke and be like,
Haha,
good point.
Whatever.
Or both.
He probably would have done both.
Yeah.